# Phantom

## `constructor(rpc?, options?)`

- **Description:** Initalizes wallet client
- `rpc` (String): RPC node so wallet can send transactions on chain

## `connect()`

- **Description:** Connects the wallet to the website

## `signature(data): Promise<Data>`

- **Description:** Stamp a peice of data with proof its yours
- **Parameters:**
  - `data` (String): The data to be signed.
- **Returns:** A promise that resolves with the cryptographic signature.

## `sign(transaction): Promise<Transaction>`

- **Description:** Sign a transaction
- **Parameters:**
  - `transaction` (Object): The transaction to be signed
- **Returns:** A promise that resolves with the signed transaction.

## `send(signedTransaction, options?): Promise<Result>`

- **Description:** Send a signed transaction
- **Parameters:**
  - `signedTransaction` (Object): The signed transaction to be sent on chain
  - `options` (Object, optional): Additional options for sending the transaction.
    - `options.waitForFinality` (Boolean, optional): Wait for the transaction to completely be on chain before returning
- **Returns:** A promise that resolves with the hash of the transaction.

## `signAndSend(transaction, options?): Promise<Result>`

- **Description:** Sign a transaction and sends it on chain
- **Parameters:**
  - `transaction` (Object): The transaction to be signed & sent
  - `options` (Object, optional): Additional options for the signing or sending process. 
    - `options.waitForFinality` (Boolean, optional): Wait for the transaction to completely be on chain before returning
    - Also implements https://solana-labs.github.io/solana-web3.js/types/SendOptions.html
- **Returns:** A promise that resolves with the hash of the transaction.

## `sendCoins(from, to, amount, options): Promise<Result>`

- **Description:** Send coins to someone
- **Parameters:**
  - `from` (string): Your address
  - `to` (string): The recipents address
  - `amount` (string | number): The amount you want to send (Denominated)
  - `options` (Object, optional): Additional options for the sendning process.
    - `options.waitForFinality` (Boolean, optional): Wait for the transaction to completely be on chain before returning
    - Also implements https://solana-labs.github.io/solana-web3.js/types/SendOptions.html
- **Returns:** A promise that resolves with the signed transaction hash

## `waitForFinality(transactionHash): Promise<Result>`

- **Description:** Waits for transaction to be confirmed and on chain
- **Parameters:**
  - `transactionHash` (String): The hash of the transaction to wait for.
- **Returns:** A promise that resolves when the transaction is confirmed, or rejects on timeout or failure.

## `getActiveAddress(): string`

- **Description:** Retrieves the wallet address of the connected wallet.
- **Returns:** Active wallet address as a string.

## `isConnected(): boolean`

- **Description:** Checks if the wallet is connected or not
- **Returns:** A boolean

# Examples
If you dont really like reading? Use this

## Create Wallet
```js
import Wallet  from "@uwi/phantom";

let wallet = new Wallet("https://rpc.net") // Initalize the wallet with rpc url

await wallet.connect() // Connect the wallet / Give the user connect popup
```

## Send coins
```js
// Denominated amount (1 AR)
console.log(wallet.sendCoins("From address", "To address", "1000000000000", {
  options: {
    memo: "My Transaction",
    waitForFinality: false, // Set to true if you want the promise to resolve after the tx is on chain
  }
})) // Returns TX Hash
```

## Sign Text
```js
console.log(await wallet.signature("Some message")) // Returns hash as a string
```

## Get Address
```js
console.log(wallet.getActiveAddress())
```